Adds deepspeech stt (#2)
pietrop/digital-paper-edit-electron: docs/ADR/13-12-2019-deepspeech-stt-electron-integration-adr.md

# Deepspeech STT Electron Integration ADR

adding support for Mozilla DeepSpeech, for higher quality STT for offline recognition.
[`deepspeech-node-wrapper`](https://github.com/pietrop/deepspeech-node-wrapper)

Problem as discussed in [ADR in that repository](https://github.com/pietrop/deepspeech-node-wrapper/blob/master/docs/ADR/2019-12-10-deepspeech-stt.md) is how to package the model, as it's size is 1.8gb

> previously open source offline STT integrated with electron [pocketsphinx](https://github.com/OpenNewsLabs/pocketsphinx-stt) where model is self contained in npm, as it's not very bick. And Gentle, that [requires spinning up a separate app](https://autoedit.gitbook.io/user-manual), eg as used in [autoEdit](http://www.autoedit.io/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
previously open source offline STT integrated with electron [pocketsphinx](https://github.com/OpenNewsLabs/pocketsphinx-stt) where model is self contained in npm, as it's not very big (40MB). And Gentle, that [requires spinning up a separate app](https://autoedit.gitbook.io/user-manual), eg as used in [autoEdit](http://www.autoedit.io/).
```
